lua callbacks for nvim_buf_attach (#9170)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/api.txt

User reloads the buffer with ":edit", emits: >
  nvim_buf_detach_event[{buf}]

                                                        *api-buffer-updates-lua*
In-process lua plugins can also recieve buffer updates, in the form of lua
callbacks. These callbacks are called frequently in various contexts, buffer
contents or window layout should not be changed inside these |textlock|.

|nvim_buf_attach| will take keyword args for the callbacks. "on_lines" will
receive parameters ("lines", {buf}, {changedtick}, {firstline}, {lastline}, {new_lastline}).

> Unlike remote channels the text contexts is not copied. The new text can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike remote channels the text contents are not copied. The new text can be
```
